Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Partygoers)
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six...
(laughter and chatter)
(Partygoers)
five, four, three...
two, one...
- Happy New Year!
- (laughter and cheering)
(woman laughs)
(Man) Better late than never.
Better late than never.
(Woman)
25 minutes to go.
(indistinct overlapping chatter)
(Woman) Oh, my God!
Would somebody kiss me, please?
(Mun) Right, OK.
- Happy New Year.
- Thanks.
_ Happy New Year.
(Man)
Happy New Year, everyone.
Erm...can I  just say that you look
absolutely fucking beautiful?
- You look amazing.
- Have you ever seen him in a kilt before?
No, no.
I ...be forgot
I And never brought to mind
Glass down, come on.
- I Should auld acquaintance be forgot
- Do you know it?
- No.
- I For the sake of auld long syne
- For friendship!
- (Woman) I love you!
Have we done each other?
- No!
- Shall we do another one?
- (chuckling) Yeah.
- Happy New Year.
- My brother is so in love with you.
- You always say that, Carly.
He salivates when he looks at you.
- (laughs)
- (Carly) He's besotted.
And he's a catch.
He's 40. He's ready to settle down.
And he's a lawyer.
- How old are you again, Elena?
- He's the whole shebang.
- 35.
- (Woman) Oh.
- I thought you were younger than that.
- No.
(Carly) Apparently he's very impressive
in the sack.
Oh, shut up!
I think you should go on a date with him.
- I think we don't have that connection.
- Con she  just sleep with him?
(Carly)
Ah! I suppose so.
- (fireworks fizzing outside)
- I think I  just want a wedding.
I'm trying to manipulate you
into becoming my sister-in-law.
- I am already your sister.
- OK, well, fuck him, then.
Enjoy.
But  just send him a little text message
afterwards saying he's got a massive cock.
-  just so his ego isn't bruised.
- (laughter)
I'm very protective of my big brother.
(Man) Hi, Siobhan. Your parents
just called. Sorry, sorry.
Er...your parents  just called.
They need to get back.
What time is it?
- Quarter to two.
- No, you are not breaking up the party!
- Actually, I'm going with you.
- No, no, no, Elena. You are not going.
Why is everyone going?
(Carly)
Are you sure you don't wanna stay?
I’ll  just kick Shane onto the sofa
and you can have the spare bed.
I'm happy to share the spare.
OK, darling, well, listen.
Text me when you get in,
so I know you're safe.
Or I'll worry.
Hey! Hey!
(fireworks whistling)
(laughter in distance)
Hey. I'm sorry, he saw me first.
I was right there.
- Sorry. I'm going...
- No. No, no.
I seen him first.
I was right there with my arm like that.
Sorry, sweetheart, I never seen you.
OK. Whatever.
Have a happy New Year.
He saw me first  just for you to know.
_ Hey, Hey
“ No!
- Take the taxi.
- No, you can take it.
No, you can take it.
- How's... - So, were you..
- Sorry.
I was  just gonna ask
if you had a nice New Year.
Yeah, thank you.
Er...l went to a friend's house,
and we  just basically got drunk,
so it was fun.
How about yours?
I was DJ-ing so I had to stay sober.
I didn't know you had to stay sober
if you were a DJ. You  just do like...
Like this and this.
There's actually a lot more to it
than meets the eye.
- There is a lot to coordinate.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Like what?
Like... I mean, there's...
(he laughs)
There's the tracks and level and...
OK.
Are you a good DJ?
I dunno.
I'm Jake, by the way.
Do you mind opening the window?
Yeah, sure.
I think I'm feeling sick.
S-Sorry?
I'm feeling sick.
Are you actually gonna be sick?
- Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna be sick.
- Excuse me, mate?
- Are you OK?
- Yeah.
If you  just, erm...
stick your fingers down your throat...
Like, it always helps me. You  just get it
all out and you'll feel better.
Yeah, but, no, it doesn't work with me.
- I tried before, and...
- OK.
I think I’m  just go...
I'm gonna walk home.
Like, the fresh air, it's...
- OK.
- ...good.
- Will you be all right on your own?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I  just need to walk.
- You don't want me to walk with you?
- No, it's fine. Thank you so much.
- Are you sure?
No, no, no.
Thank you, it's fine. It's OK.
Uh...thank you,
and I'm sorry about before.
- I'm sorry.
- OK.
Happy New Year.
Yeah, Happy New Year.
Thanks for sharing the cab.
(toilet flushes)
(door opens)
- This is a really nice apartment.
- Thank you.
Hove you got it all to yourself, or...
have you got flat mates?
Oh, no, no, ifs  just me.
Cool.
How long have you been here?
Like, ten years, maybe?
- Ten years? Wow.
- Yeah.
I rented it, and then the owner died,
so I bought it.
So, how old are you?
How old are you?
- 26.
- OK. How old do you think I am?
My age? Or maybe...older?
Er...28?
- 29?
- 29's good.
Good. Good for what?
- For nothing.
- For nothing?
- Sorry. I meant...
- It's no... not nice?
Erm...l read recently that women
are in their sexual peck in their 30s.
Whoa!
Apparently. I don't know...
(chuckles)
- I'm there.
- Sorry, I don't know.
You've got a wicked record collection.
Erm...it was my dad's collection.
He's a musician.
He's got great taste.
Yeah, it's...
it's his one good quality, actually.
I love this album.
Mm.
- I need to go to the toilet.
- OK.
(water running)
(she spits)
ELVIS COSTELLO AND THE ATTRACTIONS:
"I Want You"
I want you so it scares me to death
I can't say any more than I love you
Everything else is a waste of breath...
Jake! You're waking my neighbours.
- You don't care?
- No.
OK.
You know this isn't a love song?
It's about him
being cheated on by his girlfriend and...
and he can't forgive her.
And then the memory  just
keeps, like, coming back to haunt him.
Poor Elvis.
- It's a wicked song, though.
- Yeah.
I ...you might fall
I want you
I woke up and one of us was crying
You said,
"Young man, I do believe you're dying"
- (she laughs)
- I want you
If you need a second opinion,
as you seem to do these days
I want you
You can look in my eyes
and you can count the ways
I want you
Did you mean to tell me
but seem to forget?
I want you
Since when were you so generous
and inarticulate?
I want you
It's knowing that he knows you now
after only guessing
It's the thought of him undressing you
Or you undressing
(Punting)
I want you
(she moans softly)
(heavy breathing)
I want you
(she grunts)
(Jake)
Morning.
- Hey.
- Sorry.
No. How are you?
I'm all right. How about you?
I'm hungover.
- You want some coffee?
- Oh, yeah, I'd love one.
- Black coffee?
- Yeah, that's fine.
Have you got a busy day
ahead, or...?
- Hmm, yeah.
- Uh-huh.
Thanks.
I have some work to do.
- Shit.
- Yeah.
When do you go back?
Wednesday.
And back to reality, yeah?
(whispers) Back to reality.
So, er...last night was fun.
Mm-hm. Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
- Yeah.
- OK.
All right.
SIARA OCHOA:
"Sangre Fria"
(song in Spanish)
Happy New Year!
(song continues over dialogue)
(text alert)
- Hey
- How are you?
- I'm good.
- Wanna walk?
- Yeah.
(Jake)
I like all your stuff.
It's like a proper home.
What are you doing now?
Hmm...l could go.
Or I could stay, it's up to you.
- Whatever you want.
- Up to you.
I mean, it looks quite cold outside.
(whispering) It's very cold outside.
So I might...
_,.  just Sta)'-
Mm.
Stay.
(Whispers) Stay.
Stay, stay, stay, stay.
Stay!
(children playing in distance)
(Carly) I want all the details.
I want to know everything.
He's  just a really nice guy.
What does he do?
He's doing a PhD.
How old is he?
- 26.
- (chuckles) Wow. Fantastic!
Imaginary jealous.
So, the sex is fucking amazing?
(giggles)
So, is it  just, like,
a casual thing, or...?
Actually, he's about to move in
with me.
(Punting) Oh, my God. Really?
- Yeah.
- How come?
Because he stayed over
and he hasn't left yet, really,
so we're gonna get his stuff this weekend.
- Oh, my God.
- Yeah.
This is amazing. This is fantastic news!
Yeah.
I can't wait to meet him.
- I'll bring him over.
- Yes, please.
- OK.
- Does he mind being with an older woman?
No, he doesn't care.
OK.
- (key turns in lock)
- (Jake) For fuck's sake.
What?
- Hi.
- (Jake) Hey.
I've been texting you, you git.
Where have you been?
Is there something wrong with the lock?
I couldn't get my key in.
Yeah, it's Glynne, the fuckwit.
He locked us out.
Hey, man, how's it hanging?
Yeah, sorry. Elena, Glynne.
Glynne, Elena.
- Hi.
- Er...and this is Zoe.
Hi.
(Glynne)
You're  just here to collect your stuff?
Yeah, yeah.
Erm...
And...all of this are things
you have in the world?
Mm.
I like to be able to fit my life
into a suitcase.
Do you play the guitar?
I'm not very good.
- Show me.
- Entertain me.
- No.
- Please?
- OK.
- We're very excited.
I'm not very good at finger-picking
cos I've got fat fingers.
(strums notes)
(knocking at door)
(knocking at door persists)
- Er...come in.
- (door opens)
Erm...you left these in my room.
Thanks.
(door closes)
Er...we should get packing.
Let's do it.
OK, you're on T-shirts.
So, when did it stop?
Elena, it never started.
What?
Maybe you shouldn't be doing this, Joke.
What do you mean?
Maybe you're not ready
for a proper relationship.
- What do you mean? That's stupid.
- ls it?
- Yes.
That's very, very stupid.
Not coming. I'm not coming.
Look what I'm doing.
(they chuckle)
(he sighs)
Your dad looks so nice.
I can't wait for you to meet him.
He's gonna love you.
Do you think so?
Your mum was beautiful.
My parents, they were crazy.
They were like children.
I had to put them in different rooms
so they wouldn't fight.
My dad was having affairs all the time,
and my mum was just pretending
like nothing was happening.
Sounds shitty.
I don't see why anyone
would want to get married.
How old are you here?
- I think eight.
- Eight?
Eight.
(whispers) Jake.
(he whispers) Elena.
(whispers) I have a confession.
(whispers) What is it?
Nothing.
just cos you said confession.
So now I have to hear it.
- It's no...
- Yeah, you have to tell me.
You're gonna have to tell me now.
Don't you dare use the photos.
They are memories, not weapons.
Give it here. Give it back.
Tell me. Confess. You have to confess.
(muffled) You have to confess!
- (chuckles)
- I will tickle!
- (shrieks)
- Tell me!
Tell me!
(squealing and laughter)
- Not telling you anything!
- (laughs) You have to tell me!
- You have to.
- (panting)
What...
What if I am a little bit older than...
...than I said I was?
What do you mean?
Like I'm not 29.
How old are you?
32.
- You're 32?
- Mm-hm.
(he exhales heavily)
(sighs)
I000
I don't care.
I don't care how old you are.
You're gorgeous.
OK.
(Elena whispers) Jake?
Jake...
(whispers) Jake, what if I was
a little bit older than 32?
Like...
33?
Or four... 34?
Or 35?
(Jake grunts)
OK, how old are you?
(she chuckles)
You're freaked out, right?
I'm not freaked out. It’s  just...
you've aged six years in,
like, four hours.
It's quite unusual.
So, what now?
(he sighs)
What do you mean?
I'm gonna be 4O when you are 30.
So?
So, you don't wanna be
with a 40-year-old woman
when you are  just 30.
Why not? I think you'll be incredible
when you're 40.
It's not about me. It's about you.
You are going to want to fuck
25-year-old girls.
So...what are you saying?
Nothing.
Are you saying you wanna break up with me?
No. I'm saying if you want
to break up with me...
...l get it.
I couldn't break up with you
even if I wanted to.
We were made for each other.
- I mean, like, literally...
- (sniffs)
...our parents met...
...and then they had us...
...and then we met.
We were made for each other.
You're everything I've ever wanted.
(she sniffs)
I ELEANORJANES AND AMANDA COOK:
"El Vito"
Whoop!
' (Jake) Sorry.
' (baby cries)
Jake, do you wanna go and sit down there?
(overlapping chatter)
You know what? I mean, he's sleeping...
He's waking up.
Not decided yet.
- (Mark) I made the pie.
- (Carly) I can't take any credit for this.
- (Mark) Spent all day.
- (Jake) Yeah, it's my final year, yeah.
And then what, do you look for a job?
What kind of job would you like, ideally?
- Like, dream job?
- God...
Does it feel like you're talking
to your in-laws?
- No, were  just interested.
- There's various options, really.
Can you be a marine biologist in Glasgow?
(Mark) Carly, I think the idea's to be
out at sea, not stuck in an office.
(Carly)
Oh, I don't know.
(Jake) The most exciting sort of jobs
are in New Zealand and Canada.
(Mark) Ah, right.
So you're going to emigrate, then?
Yeah, maybe. I don't know, actually.
And have you discussed this
with Elena yet?
No, not yet.
(chuckling)
(Jake) I play football.
Once a week, usually.
You should make it twice. No, infect,
three times whilst you still can.
- Whilst you've got the knees that work.
- You sound like such on old man.
Connor, we are old. We're middle-aged.
It's all downhill from here.
(Jake)
Guys, top up? Top up?
(Woman) ...after Ella Rose,
it was a nightmare for me.
(overlapping conversations)
(Carly)
Jake. Jake,  just leave those, seriously.
- Mark will do it.
- It's cool, it's cool.
(Mark)
He needs to burn off the energy.
Maybe you should go
and burn off some energy.
- He's a guest.
- Can you take him?
Shall we go?
Why do you wanna go?
It's a little bit weird.
Is it weird?
A bit grown-up.
I am a grown-up.
(footsteps approaching)
(Mark) Hey, guys, get a room]
Jesus! I make my sandwiches in there.
(she laughs)
- (Elena) What are you thinking?
- (Jake) Nothing.
OK.
I was  just... I was thinking...
...we should  just... just do it.
Do what?
Have a baby. You and me.
Why not?
Are you being funny?
I'm not. I'm... I'm being serious.
Let's make a family.
I think we'd make a beautiful baby.
We hardly know each other.
I don't think that matters.
I think...
I think, why not?
There aren't any rules, are there?
Well, you are 26.
And?
Are you being serious?
Yeah.
Yes.
What are you doing, Mrs. Robinson?
(whispers) Nothing.
- Nothing?
- Uh-uh.
just cos it seems like
you're trying to seduce me.
I am not.
- No?
- Uh-uh.
That's weird.
What are you doing?
(she giggles)
Seduce you?
Wait, wait.
What?
What? What?
Lets  just see what happens.
Jake...
I'm in love with you.
- I love you.
- Jake...
I love you.
(she moans) No.
(he grunts)
(moaning and panting)
(baby grizzles)
I'm late. Bye.
(trickling)
(water running)
(dog barking)
(Man)
Hey, Tanya, who's this?
- Who's this? Look.
- (dog barks)
- Dad!
- (father chuckles)
Jake. How are you?
- This is El.
- Oh, Elena, welcome!
- Bienvenida.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Come in, come in.
Nice to see a different part of
Glasgow, you know?
- And er...how's the PhD going?
- Yeah.
El's whipping me into action.
Thank you, Elena.
Well, it's very lovely to have you here.
- I've heard a lot about you.
- I've heard a lot about you, too.
- All good, I hope?
- Mm.
- All good.
- Habla usted espanol?
That's very good. Very good accent.
- "Do you speck Spanish?"
- Better than Jake.
No, I'm brilliant.
Uno, dos...
- You know...
- Tres.
Between us. Uno, dos, tres...
Yeah, we can get to ten between us.
That's about it, really.
It's one of our party tricks.
- That's Jake's mum.
- Mm.
That's right.
- And little Jake.
- Look at that face.
- Yeah.
- So sweet!
- Yeah, he's about one there.
- One year old?
Where is this place?
Er...well, we moved there
when Jake was ten.
Jake's granddad used to own some land
and he built that shed many years ago.
- Oh.
- I extended it and did some stuff on it.
- There, that's me up there.
- This one here?
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God!
Yes, smartened it up a bit
and we moved in.
- I like that one.
- Yeah. It was a beautiful place.
- It looks like, I don't know, magical.
- Yeah.
Well, it was.
Why did you even leave?
Well, Jake was growing up and it used
to get very cold in the winter.
And Jules, my wife, was getting very ill
at that point, so...
It  just wasn't practical, really,
so we had to give it up.
It's a bit dull at the moment. In a couple
of months, it'll all be in flower.
- No, it's great.
- Beautiful.
- Will it still take my weight?
- Yeah, should do. Go on, give it a go.
"Should do." (chuckles)
Filling me with confidence.
(Elena)
We could stay longer now we're here.
- If you want.
- I'd love to.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
That bedroom is so funny.
Like, how you were growing up here...
So, you were kissing girls like this?
Give me your hands.
I'm gonna read your palms.
Let me read your palm.
- What's this?
- It says you've got a really bright future.
- (she laughs)
- (Jake) Get in the covers!
(she exhales)
- I have to pee.
- No! No, no, no.
What?
I think... I think you should stay still
and  just let the sperm swim.
Like, I really felt like this was the one,
you know?
It's like when I came, it was like...
It was like...
(imitates rocket taking off)
(imitates explosion)
Like a rocket?
(overlapping chatter)
- I really want a beer.
- Take it easy, it's very, very strong.
-  just a sip.
- I'll drink your glass of vino for you.
Nine months of non-alcoholic cocktails.
- Thank you, El.
- You need to tell me what to do.
- I'll give you all of my books.
- Here's to the little babe.
OK, for this new Carly.
I’m  just so tired.
I  just, like, fantasize
about sleeping under my desk.
And all I wanna eat is,
like, cheese and chips.
And bread. Anything beige.
I felt awful all the way through
my pregnancies.
- For how long?
- The whole way.
- It's so exciting!
- Thank you.
And now there's only one of us left to go.
Oh, no, come on.
Jake's, what, like, 14?
- Shut up!
- You need to give him a chance!
You need to be careful, though, you know?
- I was off the pill for two months.
- It's like me and my sister, seriously.
Cross a man on the stairs,
we're having twins.
- No, I'm super fertile.
- (laughs)
It's a nightmare!
Oh, it's going to be so much fun!
(Rose) All of us with our babies.
We should have picnics in the park.
(Carly)
Aww! I love that.
(Siobhan) You're gonna have
a beautiful little neat bump.
(Carly) I think I'm going to
swell up like a balloon.
(Siobhan) Little butterfly,
little butterfly feelings.
(keyboard clocking)
Hi.
El, I'm really tired. Sorry.
I've had a really long day.
I'm ovulating,
so we have to do it now
because it's the time.
- Can we do it in the morning?
- In the morning might be too late.
Oh, it's too late that quickly?
Because it's 38 hours
and I don't know if I'm at the beginning
or at the end of the hours,
so I don't know how you work that out.
So, it's, like, now.
It's not weird?
No. It's fine.
Hang on.
(grunting)
- No, no,  just leave it.
- OK.
Let's go.
Wait. I'm gonna give you a blow job.
No, no, it's fine. It's good.
- It's good.
- You sure?
Yeah, ssh.
Ssh.  just don't talk.
(Punting)
(grunting)
- What's wrong?
- You  just...
- You didn't look like you were into it.
- What?
Er...l was into it.
(whispers) I was into it.
No, I need a wee. Hang on.
(door closes)
(Pounding)
l  just...
I don't like switching it on like that.
- OK, I'm sorry.
- It feels mechanical and weird.
- I said it was weird.
- I don't wanna do it like that again.
OK. It doesn't matter.
Well, it does matter
if we're missing the time now.
We can do it tomorrow morning.
So, I'm wondering, maybe
there's something wrong with me?
What could be wrong with you?
You're perfect.
- No, I'm serious.
- I'm serious.
(she sighs)
l  just... I don't think we should worry.
In, like, a few months' time,
if I'm not pregnant,
we should have some tests.
OK.
(whispers) You're saying OK
because you don't think we need them.
Well, if we don't need them,
that's a good thing, isn't it?
Yeah.
I ELEANORJANES AND AMANDA COOK:
"El Vito"
(Doctor) All right, Elena Aldana
and Jacoby Kendrick Wilson.
You've both been through various tests and
you're here today to get the results?
Can I have both your dates of birth?
Mine is 10th November, erm...1980.
Jake's, uh...
August 20...?
Uh...August 27th,1989.
Thank you.
Tell me how long
you've been trying to conceive.
- About six months.
- Five-and-c-half.
- Elena, ever been pregnant before?
- Uh-uh.
Including any miscarriages, terminations?
I had an abortion. But I was, like, 18.
Less than four weeks' pregnant, I think,
like, I hardly remember it.
But...
Does it affect somehow?
- Not unless there was any complications.
- No.
- And you're not married?
So, what I suggest is that as you've been
trying to conceive for six months,
and, Elena, you're over 35, you should get
yourselves down on the IVF waiting list.
That way if you still need to, you can
begin the IVF treatment in six months.
That would be the start of January
next year.
Wait, sorry, but there's nothing wrong?
So why should we do, like...
We weren't thinking of doing IVF,
so it's...
If you do put your names down on the list
and then change your mind,
you can always opt out.
But it's up to you.
What do you think?
Well, I don't know, it's your decision.
Well, it's both our decisions, actually.
OK, this... Maybe this
isn't how I imagined us having a baby.
Look, it doesn't seem...
What?
Jake, how do you think I feel?
I've... I've got no idea!
Well, I'm the one who
has to go through the thing.
- Do you think this is my dream situation?
- It just doesn't seem very romantic.
Do you know what you sound like?
Really naive.
Like, you have this notion of this per...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You have this notion of this perfect life,
or something.
Well, life is not like that.
So sorry to disappoint you.
To be honest, I don't know what
we're doing. Like, you are so young.
We don't know each other.
Don't laugh. We don't know each other.
I mean, we should have never even
started this. It's fucking ridiculous!
(water running)
Stop.
Sit down.
(she sniffs)
El, please don't cry.
(whispers) I'm not crying.
I'm not crying. I'm sorry.
(she sniffs)
I'm fine.
Ifs  just I don't wont anyone else
involved in us having a baby.
- No one else is gonna be involved.
- I want it to be  just us.
It's gonna be  just us.
It's gonna be fine. It's...gonna happen.
But we  just have August, September,
October, November, December,
so five, maybe six tries.
- That's ages.
- (sniffs)
We've got loads of time.
Yeah?
That's how these things work. They  just
happen when you least expect them to.
- Yeah.
(she speaks Catalan)
- I love it.
- You like it?
Yeah.
(she speaks Catalan)
Jake, she says hi.
- Hole.
- (chuckles)
Hey, Jake, look.
For Carly's baby.
- Cute, huh?
- Yeah, really cute.
(she imitates duck sounds)
- It doesn't fit.
- No, it fits.
Wait, wait, wait. Like that.
It fits.
-  just... Right.
- (Andrew) Pudding.
- Come on, Jake!
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Plates. OK.
(Joke) Hove you had enough, you two?
Thank you.
- El?
- (Andrew) Nice and warm.
Andrew, do you want me
to clean this up a little bit?
- Don't worry about that.
- What about this?
- Hey, Andrew.
- Hm?
This is a very nice party.
Oh, thank you.
(she urinates)
(inhales sharply)
We don't have to do it
if you don't wont to.
But we're in this together.
I'll be with you all the way through it.
(she sighs)
I want to if you want to.
Happy New Year, my darling.
Happy anniversary.
(music playing)
(Nurse) Again, you come to
the clinic, and you go off to theatre.
You're sedated, OK?
So you need to have someone come with you.
We go into your ovaries,
and we empty each follicle in turn
as we see it
on the ultrasound monitor.
Then the embryologists
work to make your embryos, hopefully.
And they'll keep in touch with you and
then usually about five days later,
you come back for your embryo transfer.
What I'm gonna go and do
is get your drugs,
and I'll show you how you're gonna
do these injections, OK, at home.
So I'll pop out and get them
and I'll come back in  just a few minutes.
- (Jake) Great, thank you. Thanks so much.
- OK.
(door opens)
- (door closes)
- It's good.
I didn't get anything.
It's fine. It's gonna sound alien,
but it'll be fine.
We  just do everything she says.
Make sure that you're relaxed, calm,
eating right.
(breathes heavily)
(gasps)
(she exhales)
You've changed since I first met you.
Whisky on the rocks while you shoot up,
huh?
I've got dinner for you, but I suppose
you don't want dinner, do you?
(chuckles) No.
I want to do this first.
That's the problem with you junkies,
drugs always come first.
Shut up.
Shut up, please.
I think if you  just jab it in quickly...
Stop it.
It's super easy for you to soy.
I mean, you don't have to do it.
Well, I was a marine for 15 years,
so it's actually really easy
for me to deal with pain.
Yeah, I was trained to inject
into any orifice in my body -
- my eyeball, my arsehole...
- (laughs)
(Elena)
What are you doing?
What? No, Jake.
- Don't do it.
- Hm?
Jake, no, wait, wait.
You don't have to do it. Don't do it.
Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it.
No, ple... (gasps)
Oh, my God!
(laughs)
- It hurts.
- (muffled) That is love.
- That is pure solidarity, that is.
- (she laughs)
You look how I feel,
desperate to get up the road.
Yeah, me, too. I'm very tired.
Hey, you know, I was thinking to go
shopping one night after work.
- You fancy it?
- Yeah, sure.
- Great. You want a cup of tea?
- Oh, no, no.
- You sure?
- Yeah, sure, thank you.
- OK.
- Bye.
(chuckles)
I'm riding down the Castlereagh
and I'm a station hand
I'm handy with the ropin' pole,
I'm handy with a brand
And I can ride a rowdy colt
or swing the axe all day
But there's no demand for a station hand
along the Castlereagh
So, shift, boys, shift
- I For there isn't the slightest doubt...
- What are you cooking?
- It's hot.
- Mm-hm.
So I saddled up my pack horse
and I whistled to my dog
I made for up the country
at the old jig-jog
So, shift, boys, shift
For there wasn't the slightest doubt
It's time to take a move
with the leprosy about
So I saddled up my packhorse...
Chris, it's El.
Hey, I'm gonna be a little bit late, like,
3O minutes, I think.
I went to lllawcrra
where my brother has a farm
He has to ask his landlord's leave
before he lifts an arm
The landlord owns the countryside,
man, woman, dog and cat
And they haven't the cheek to dare
to speck without they touch their hat
So, it's shift, boys, shift
For there wasn't the slightest doubt
Their little landlord god and I
would soon have fallen out
So I saddled up my pack horse
and I whistled to my dog
And I made for up the country
at the old jig-jog
(music playing)
You were with her.
You were with her dancing.
- Definitely. I got you an orange juice.
- Thanks.
Definitely. Yeah, well, that's true.
- When?
- I don't know. Two, three months ago?
Oh, yeah. (laughs)
But that's cos...
I'm gonna pop out and get some fresh air.
OK.
What's wrong?
I don't know.
- When's the next scan?
- Tomorrow.
OK, but there's no... There's no bad news,
nothing to worry about?
No.
So what's wrong?
I don't know. Nothing.
- I'm sorry.
- You don't need to be sorry.
- Are you cold?
- Yeah.
Right.
Come on. Let's go.
(Nurse)
OK, so your scan looks great to me.
Your follicles look like they've grown
and responded,
so I would say you're ready to
have your eggs collected.
OK, so well done.
- So, it's good?
- It's great news. Great news.
- That's what you want.
- I told you not to worry.
(Nurse) So, you know,
that's 24 hours off of work.
You'll be sedated that day, so you need
someone with you to drive.
That's where you come {n and you'll be
expected to give your sample that day.
(locks door)
Hi, it's the er...embryologist here
from the GCRM.
- Yeah, how are you?
- Good, thank you.
So, you have two grade-A blastocysts,
Elena.
It's a very good result.
OK. But why only two?
I thought we had, like...
There's always a fall-off,
that's completely normal.
Poorer ones stop developing, so only the
best ones make ft to day-five blastocysts.
It's perfectly normal.
So, we'll do the transfer
tomorrow morning.
You need to have
d comfortably full bladder.
Don't wear any deodorant and your partner
shouldn't wear any aftershave.
We'll speak to you again {n the morning
when we've had a chance to see
how they're doing.
(Doctor) Now, what we need to do
is take your name and date of birth.
Elena Aldana.
10th November...1980.
Deep breaths in through your nose,
out through your mouth. Good.
Now, then.
This is  just a mock catheter, OK?
So, there's nothing in it.
Your embryos are not in it.
- That's the one that hurts?
- Er...it shouldn't hurt.
Relax your muscles there.
That's it. All right.
Well, I’ve  just given a signal
to the embryologist,
and she'll load up your embryo
into a real catheter, OK?
Have a look at the screen again.
Now, what we do is wait
for 30 seconds,
let everything settle down,
all right?
And then we'll eject the embryo.
(Elena) Day one.
'After the embryos are transferred,
the cells keep dividing.
The blastocyst begins
to emerge from its shell
and this process
is called hatching.
Day two.
'The second day is crucial because
this is the time when the embryo
begins to attach itself
to the uterine lining
? CIUDAD DE LAALHAMBRAY PRESENTACION
CHOIRS: "De Colores Se Visten Los Campos"
Day three.
'On this day,
the blastocyst continues to grow.
The woman may have fight bleeding
and spotting on this day.
Day four.
'On the fourth day, the blastocyst
continues to dig deeper into the uterus.
fight bleeding may continue as the embryo
invades the endometrial blood vessels.
Day five.
'On the fifth day, implantation
is considered complete.
The embryo is developing vigorously
Look at that little outfit,
looking so tiny like that.
I'm gonna check something.
What does it mean if you feel nothing?
- I don't know.
- Does it mean it hasn't worked?
I don't know, Jake.
- You need to take it easy.
- I am taking it easy.
(sighs)
- (pan boiling over)
- Fuck!
Oh!
Ohm
No, no, I'll do it, I'll do it. It's fine.
You have to turn this off.
I know. It's fine.
See, it's fine.
Day six.
'The growing embryo triggers the release
of hCG into the bloodstream.
This is a hormone that is produced
by the specialized cells
Which will form the placenta.
Day seven.
The fetal development is {n full swing
and the embryo continues
to develop quickly.
'As the pla...centa begins to take shape,
7t continues to release more hCG
into the bloodstream.
Day sigh t.
More hC... CG is released into the blood,
'as foetal development continues
and the placenta begins to function
(Joke) Hg!
So, it was a long interview, basically.
It lasted, like, two hours.
And there were two of them and they did,
like, good cop, bad cop.
OK.
And it finished. I went for a walk
for about 2O minutes,
came back and everyone
was grabbing my hand.
Lots of handshaking,
and then they told me that I passed.
- That's amazing!
- Yeah.
Then a few of us went for a drink
and my supervisor bought me
a bottle of champagne.
- That's so sweet, right?
- Yeah.
It  just feels like it's come at the right
time, you know?
I’ve  just got a good feeling about...
things. About everything.
Yeah. I'm so proud of you.
And how about you?
How was your day?
Yeah, I actually feel
a little bit different.
W-What do you mean?
I don't want to get too excited,
but I feel pregnant.
Because my boobs hurt, they are bigger
and I've been feeling sick, dizzy...
- Really?
- Yeah.
Yeah. But we cannot get excited yet.
No.
OK.
This is not a proposal,
ifs  just a present.
And it was my mum's.
(whispers) It's beautiful.
I love it.
- You really like it?
- I really, really like it.
I love it.
Thank you.
It was your mum's?
? CIUDAD DE LAALHAMBRAY PRESENTACION
CHOIRS: "De Colores Se Visten Los Campos"
'And day nine.
By this time,
the levels of the hormone hCG
'are high enough {n the bloodstream
to be detected.
'You may take a home pregnancy test.
'50, tomorrow.
(Jake)
When would the baby be born?
- November.
- Same as you.
(she exhales heavily)
Do you like the name Sid?
- For a boy?
- Mm-hm.
Sid. I like it.
I like Alice.
(carol continues)
(whispers) Wait, wait.
(she sobs)
Could it be wrong?
(she sobs sharply)
(continues sobbing)
I have no idea where we are.
That was the wrong turning.
I told you to go left
but you didn't listen.
- Yes, I did.
- No, you didn't.
- I did!
- You didn't!
(children laughing)
Last night, I had three hours.
I feel catatonic.
Oh, no. Poor you.
That's why I haven't called.
I'm sorry.
- I feel bad, I’ve  just...
- No, I understand.
Did you get the little jumper?
- Yes!
- You like it?
Shit, I love it. I love it!
We both love it!
- Do you love it?
- Don't we?
- You loved it.
- We loved it. Thank you.
How are you guys, anyway?
- Very good.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, good.
- You're looking gorgeous.
I look like a fucking whale.
- You look amazing.
- I don't.
- You...
- Anyway, I'll catch you in a bit, OK?
OK. Hey!
Do you wanna say hello?
I just want to say she's absolutely
gorgeous, isn't she?
Aw, look at her.
- Where's your daddy gone?
- Look dt the big eyes as well.
- I know.
- She's beautiful. Look at the smiles.
Do you want to go outside?
- Do you wanna go or not?
- Yeah.
- I’ve joined a gym.
- Really?
I figured I should at least try
and avoid having a heart attack
before my daughter turns 18.
- Before your... your daughter?
- Yes!
I'm gearing up to be a dad.
Wow. Congratulations.
- Thank you very much.
- Yeah.
And that's my erm girlfriend
Annelise over there.
Hm.
It's beauty and the fucking beast, eh?
She's the beast, obviously.
- Yeah.
- (chuckles)
We cannot leave, Jake.
- It's rude.
- OK, so we'll stay.
Then we have to go and talk to people,
so come on.
You go and talk to people.
Elena, don't start.
I don't need another argument.
- Neither do I.
- Then just leave it.
- Leave what?
-  just leave it.
- What?
- Don't shout.
- Do you wont everyone to hear?
- No, I don't wont that.
My parents never, ever shouted.
Well, we're not your fucking
perfect parents, right?
OK, fair enough. (sniffles)
What are you doing?
I need a piss. ls that all right with you?
(door slams)
(door opens)
(bird calls)
(wind whistles)
Sorry.
It's OK.
We need to stop this.
Both of us.
(whispers) I know.
We need to  just try and forget
about the baby thing...
...and just get on with our life.
Cos it's doing our heads in
and we’re just...
We're wasting our lives.
(wind whistling)
(rain pattering)
(music blaring masks dialogue)
I VOXHALL BROADCAST:
"Fact Or Fiction"
I was hearing to try to comprehend...
BRONSKI BEAT:
"Smalltown Boy"
(grunting)
(Punting)
(birdsong)
(Elena)
My head is killing me. (groans)
(exhales deeply)
- (curtains are pulled open)
- (groans)
(she grunts)
(children playing and laughing)
(Woman)
Matilda!
(Matilda squeals)
I'll make some coffee.
The thing is, if we do it again with the
National Health, we have to wait a year.
But if we do it privately,
we don't have to wait.
Like, we go right away.
And I think they do it differently,
so we make sure this time works.
Where are you gonna get the money?
I'm gonna rob a bank.
Seriously, though, it's expensive.
Jake wants to ask his dad.
- Really?
- I said no, obviously.
But I think we need to get a loan.
Well, you just need to make sure
you can pay it back.
Yeah, I know.
Shit, my boobs are gonna pop.
(chuckles) I need to feed you.
(in sing-song voice) I need to feed you.
Are you hungry?
(gasps) Are you hungry? Yeah, you are.
Sometimes I think it is
because I'm a bad person.
What do you mean?
That maybe I cannot have kids...
...because I'm cold.
Like my mum.
El, you're not cold.
You're anything but cold.
(baby grizzles)
Ssh, ssh. (whispers) I know. I know.
Yeah.
Anyway, it will work this time.
(baby grizzles)
Maybe...
Maybe you shouldn't do it again.
Maybe you should just try and...
I don't know, just see what happens.
But the thing is that I am missing a baby
that will never exist.
You understand?
Like, I have all these dreams of my baby,
of my child,
of how it will be like...
like my child with Jake.
Or how it will be like to bring it up,
or to look after him,
or how would I be, you know?
Like, all the stuff
I will be doing with him.
And all of this will never exist.
And that...
that makes me feel so sad.
Like I'm...
...I'm grieving a baby I will...
...never know.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry.
There's worse things than not having kids.
(Doctor)
OK, right, let me explain something.
Every year,
I help hundreds of women to conceive.
But I can only work with good quality
eggs, otherwise my job's impossible.
Do you understand?
I wouldn't advise you to pursue IVF.
You've got under a five per cent chance
of conceiving.
And why do you say that?
The AMH test, it showed a...
a low ovarian reserve.
Er...it's an indicator of quality
and er... quantity.
We read that the...
that that testis inaccurate.
In my professional opinion,
it's... it's accurate.
Elena's friends are all having babies,
and they're the same age as her.
He was talking bullshit.
just thinking about his statistics,
like school league tables.
We'll go somewhere else.
Where?
That first clinic we looked at.
It was even more
expensive than his one.
That probably means it's the best one.
Or maybe they'll just tell us
the some thing?
Or maybe that guy? just a cunt.
(traffic drowns out Jake)
We'll go somewhere else.
Where will we get the money?
I told you, my dad said
he'll give it to us.
(water running)
(water off)
(Jake sniffs)
(he sniffs)
(he stifles sobs)
(he sobs)
(birdsong)
(Jake)
Hey, sorry I missed your call.
Erm.../ hope you're fee/mg OK.
I hope you're resting and eating properly.
I'll try you again later.
I'll be free at about 4pm your time,
so I'll try you then.
Or you try me.
I miss you. I can't wait to see you.
OK. Bye.
(children playing)
Ah, good morning.
Or should I soy, good afternoon?
Yeah, I remember those days,
lying in bed, reading the Sunday papers.
Ignore him. Morning, love.
- Get a coffee.
- I'm fine, thanks.
So, when's Jake back from his boat?
- Tomorrow night.
- Sorry, what's he fishing for again?
He's not fishing, he's observing.
He's an observer.
- He's monitoring by-catch.
- By-catch?
That's... That's a fish, is it not?
- (she chuckles)
- No, it is. It's a big fish.
- A very dangerous fish.
- Yeah, a big fish with big teeth.
- Big teeth, yeah.
- And no fins.
Hi, Auntie El. How are you?
So, I think we’re just gonna do it
in a registry office.
- You know, just with close family.
- Yeah.
But erm...
I wondered if you would be
my maid of honour.
Of course. (chuckles) Yeah.
Thank you.
I mean, it's more for legal stuff
for Lilly and the house.
- But it'll be fun.
- Yeah, it'll be fun.
Do you think you and Jake might do it?
I mean, you could have a proper one -
a dress, disco...
I don't know.
I don't know what's gonna happen with us.
What do you mean?
Stop it!
(chuckles nervously)
He adores you.
He gazes at you.
I'd pay Mark money
to look at me like that.
We'll see how things work out.
(in sing-song voice)
We'll see how things work out, yeah?
We'll see how things work...
(message alert)
(urinates)
(Jake)
Are you sure?
Did you eat properly?
Did you relax?
What are you saying, Jake?
I told you to wait
so we could test together.
So, what's the difference?
This is happening to me, too, El.
(he exhales)
We have to...
We need to get out of this fucking flat.
(he sighs)
We should get something to eat.
- El, come on.
- I'm not hungry, Jake.
- Get up, come on.
- I'm not hungry.
Please. Put your shoes on.
Come on, let's go.
What do you want to do, then?
You just want to sit there
and be miserable?
(she sighs) I'm gonna be fine in a minute.
You can go without me.
Yeah, can I get a...
a single whisky as well?
- Is the house whisky all right?
- Yeah, that's cool.
I TWO LONE SWORDSMEN:
"Hey Deborah Anne"
(indistinct conversation)
Could I nick a cigarette?
ls that all right?
(siren blares in near distance)
(whispers)
Sorry.
Did I wake you up?
I want you so, it scares me to death
You've got a great record collection.
I can't say any more
Where did you get it?
From your dad?
(whispers)
Wow.
He must have been a cool guy.
He wasn't?
(tuts)
Well, he has a very beautiful daughter.
(whispers)
Come dance with me.
I think we should dance.
- (whispers) I think we should dance.
- (whispers) Jake, no.
(whispers)
Come on.
Trust me.
I Be careful, darling, you might fall
(whispers)
I love you.
(she inhales sharply)
(she sobs)
N-No, Jake.
(sighs)
Turn the music down.
(music off)
Why can't we just, for once, just...
just not even think, just have...
just have fun?  just fun.
I want you to talk to your dad.
I wont you to tell him that we're
gonna pay him back his money.
He doesn't want it back, El.
(whispers)
Jake, I want to pay him back his money.
- Please. (sniffles)
- Please don't cry.
El, please don't cry.
Please. We're gonna have a baby.
We’re just gonna keep trying
and trying until it works.
El?
(sighs)
I love you so much.
(she sighs tearfully)
Come here.
- (sniffles)
- It's OK.
Come. Come. Come here.
(mouths)
(whispers)
It's OK.
(he breathes heavily)
(grunting)
- El, what's wrong?
- (sobs)
What's wrong?
(she breathes heavily)
El, what's wrong?
Oh.
(breathes heavily)
I don't think we should be together
any more.
We're not good for each other,
we're not right.
All we do is fight.
That's not true. It's not true.
It's true.
Where's your ring?
I took it off.
Why? You never take it off.
It's not a wedding ring.
We're not married.
- Why would you say that?
- Because it's true.
And I cannot have kids.
So, what's the point in us being together?
We'll never be a family.
We're already a family.
El? You have to be more positive. You
ca... You can’t just keep being negative.
What are we going to do for 2O years?
All our friends having babies,
bringing them up.
What are we gonna do with that?
We have this crazy...
gap in our future.
What are we going to do with it, huh?
Tell me.
What are we gonna do with it?
No! No.
I'm not a normal woman. I can't...
I can't give you what you want.
Can I?
- Admit it.
- OK.
Uh-huh.
OK.
Elena, you can't... You can't...
And why is that? Go on, explain it to me.
- Cos it's starting to piss me off, too.
- Because I'm inadequate.
"Inadequate"?
ls that what you want to hear?
- "You're inadequate."
- Yeah.
OK, you're inadequate. Like your mum.
You're cold and you're mean
and bitter.
And you are going to resent me
if you don't have kids.
- Look me in the eye...
- Fuck off. Not listening to this shit.
- Fuck you.
- It's the fucking truth. Fuck you!
You have no trust, El.
You want me to be perfect, right?
You want me to be perfect.
- I'm not fucking perfect!
- I haven't left you.
I haven't fucking left you, have I?
(breathes heavily)
I haven't cheated on you,
I'm not your dad.
I haven't had affairs! You're paranoid!
So, you will never leave me
if I don't have kids?
Never leave me...will you?
- No, I'm not listening to this shit.
- (whispers) Fucking liar.
Answer... Wait, wait, wait, answer me.
Wait, wait, answer me.
(Punting)
Answer me.
(sniffs)
Open the fucking door!
- You're fucking this up.
- Answer me.
Answer my question.
You're insane. You need fucking help.
Answer me.
OK.
OK, yeah.
I wanna have a baby, and if you can't have
one, then I'm gonna fuck somebody else.
Are you happy now?
(whispers)
Get out.
Get out of my flat.  just get out.
- Fuck off.
- You fuck off.
Fuck off!
- Fuck off out of my place!
- What the fuck is wrong with you?
-  just go! I don't wont you here.
- Where the fuck am I gonna go?
I don't care!
(breathes heavily and sniffs)
If I go...
El, if I go, then I'm packing my bags
and I'm leaving for good.
I mean it. I'm not coming back.
That's it, we'll be over -
fucked, finished.
Do you understand?
(whispers)
Yeah.
(door slams)
You've left one tight family
and gone into another tight family.
(chuckles)
This will suit.
- What about you?
- Bet you five pounds we're next.
You get any nice presents?
(Shane)
Want some spice?
(Mark)
That wasn't spicy enough.
No. No, no, no.
(overlapping voices)
I'm willing to admit that.
- Smoke?
- Yeah.
- All right.
You need to...
- Lovely wedding.
- Yes.
- (chuckles)
- Yeah.
I was erm...
I was sort of hoping that Carly would turn
up in, like, a big white meringue dress...
- No.
- ..but... (chuckles) ..alas!
(she chuckles)
How's your girlfriend? Your baby girl?
- I was looking forward to meeting them.
- I know.
Yeah, she's... you know...
Er...
me and Annelise, we're not..
We're not together at the moment.
We're taking a bit of a break.
- I'm sorry.
- No, it's all right, you know.
It's not erm...
It's not a permanent thing.
We just... We needed a bit of time to...
to sort of think things over.
I've been pretty...
pretty stressed lately.
I was changing job and er...
under pressure and er...
Yeah, you know.
Anyway, how's you... you guys?
Carly said that you weren't...
You're not with your fella any more?
Erm...we are...
(clears throat)
No, we're not at the moment.
Right.
Is that...
ls that a permanent thing, or...?
Erm...no, no. It's erm...
We're like you guys, like,
having a bit of a break.
Yeah, you need that sometimes, don't you?
You know, if I'm being honest with you...
- Yeah?
- The baby came as a bit of a shock.
You know, it wasn't planned,
and er... we just...
We didn't have that time
to get to know each other.
You know.
Anyway, we shall see, eh?
You look gorgeous as ever, by the way.
Thank you.
Erm...shall we go inside
and have the dessert?
Yes.
(Carly)
No! No!
I said no speeches.
Carly said no speeches,
but this is just a wee toast.
Here we go.
Marriage, hm?
Marriage is not the end.
But neither is it the beginning.
A relationship, a couple, has already
been conceived and born.
Today is a... a grown-up moment.
Arrangements have been made,
promises before witnesses,
a commitment to negotiating life together.
Inevitably there has been pain...
was well as joy.
And there will be new joys and...
and new pains.
And in the future, from time to time,
the relationship, the couple,
will need to be reviewed,
to be reconceived and reborn.
Coming back together. Rejoining.
A new togetherness.
- But worth the effort.
- (ripple of laughter)
So, please...raise your glasses
and make a toast.
Vive la difference.
(Others)
Vive la difference!
Vive la vie.
(Others)
Vive l’amour!
- (chuckling)
- Vive l’amour.
All right, Dad.
Thank you, Dad.
(children's voices outside)
(Jenny)
Er...have you seen my fags?
I left them here last night.
(Zoe)
Tea? Anyone for tea?
- Oh, I'd love one. I'm...
- No, thanks.
No? OK.
Yeah, what's wrong with you?
I mean, if they had a bit of animal print,
then maybe I could vibe, but...
What if they were in purple?
OK, you know when my birthday is, so...
(chuckling)
(gasps)
(voices in background)
(door opens)
. Hey-
Do you want a drink?
Er...yeah.
Can I have a black coffee?
- D-Do you want...
- No, I have one.
Thanks.
- How are you?
- Er...yeah, I'm good.
- Yeah. How about you?
- Good.
(chuckles)
- Your hair is shorter.
- Oh, yeah.
I got it cut for a job interview.
How did it go?
It went good.
I think so. Yeah.
- Hard to tell, huh?
- Yeah.
Yeah, you never know.
Where have you been living?
Er...I've just been sort of sofa-surfing
at various friends' places and then...
And now I'm at my dad's.
How is he?
He's well. Yeah. Yeah.
I miss him.
(sighs)
And how about you?
How's everything with you?
Thanks. (sniffs)
(whispers) I miss you.
Elena, don't.
- What are we doing?
- What do you mean?
(tearful)
I feel so lost.
I said when I left,
I wasn't gonna come back.
- I said that.
- I know, I know.
- Why? Why not?
- Because we broke up, El.
Because I've been living my life
like we weren't together, OK?
- Are you in love with someone else?
- No.
(scoffs)
(he sighs)
We could spend our whole life
just looking for what we had.
- I've gotta go.
- No, what? No, wait, wait.
- I've got a meeting. Honestly.
- OK.  just stay here a second
- and talk to me.
- I'm really late.
just finish the coffee, please.
OK, so what? What, then?
What now? (sniffs)
What do we do?
We don't see each other ever again?
Huh?
Joke, you said before, and you were right,
but I couldn't see that.
But you were right.
And I can see that now.
We already were a family.
(sniffs)
I don't want to lose my family.
- I've got to go.
- No, no, just stay.
(she sniffles)
(door shuts)
You all right, Jake?
(sniffs)
We were like you and Mum.
How do you mean?
We were perfect.
(Andrew sighs and chuckles)
Why are you smiling?
Because your mother
and me were not perfect.
Not by any stretch of the imagination.
- You never even argued.
- (scoffs) Oh, we did.
I never heard you.
We'd do it when you were in bed.
We'd yell at each other in the kitchen
in very angry whispers.
(chuckles)
And then your mum
wouldn't speck to me for days.
She was an expert at long,
punishing silences.
(chuckles)
(sighs)
Really, Jake, everyone has tough times.
We had our bad times.
That's... That's  just the way it is.
This is different.
OK.
I don't know how we'd get back.
Back to what?
To what we were. (sighs)
Jake, it doesn't work like that.
You can only go forwards.
That's life -
the beauty and the tragedy.
Jake, your mum died when she was 38.
There's nothing perfect about that,
nothing at all.
Do you still love her?
Yeah.
And what if you're never able
to have children together?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org